readme.md, before:

    openapi: 3.0.2
      info:
      title: 'Mountain pass'
      version: "0.1"

    paths:
      /SubmitData/:

    get:
      operationId: SubmitData
      description: 'List of perevals'
      parameters: [ ]
      responses:
        '200':
          content:
            application/json:
            schema:
              type: object
              items:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          description: Success
      tags:
        - pereval

    post:
      operationId: SubmitData
      description: 'Create pereval'
      parameters: [ ]
      requestBody:
        content:
          application/json:
            schema:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          application/x-www-form-urlencoded:
            schema:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          multipart/form-data:
            schema:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
      responses:
        '201':
          content:
            application/json:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          description: Success'
        '405':
          description: Invalid input
        '400':
          description: Bad Request
        tags:
          - pereval

    /SubmitData/{id}/:
      get:
          operationId: SubmitData
          description: 'Get pereval by ID'
          parameters:
          - name: id
            in: path
            required: true
            schema:
              type: integer
          responses:
            '200' :
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
              description: 'Success'
            '404':
              description: 'Not found'
              content:
                text/plain:
                  schema:
                    title: Not found
                    type: string
                    example: Not found
            '500':
              description: Invalid input
              content:
                application/json:
                  schema:
                    title: error
          tags:
            - pereval

    patch:
        operationId: SubmitData
        description: 'Partial update by ID'
        parameters:
        - name: id
          in: path
          required: true
          schema:
            type: integer
        requestBody:
          content:
            application/json:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            application/x-www-form-urlencoded:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            multipart/form-data:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
        responses:
          '200' :
            $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            description: Success
          '404' :
            description: Not found
        tags:
        - pereval

    /SubmitData/?author__email={email}:
      get:
        description: SubmitData
        operationId: 'Search by email'
        parameters:
          - name: email
            in: path
            required: true
            schema:
              type: string
        responses:
          '200':
            content:
              application/json:
              schema:
                type: object
                items:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            description: Success
        tags:
          - pereval
  
    components:
      schemas:
        pereval:
          type: object
          title: pereval
          description: Перевал
          properties:
            beautyTitle:
              type: string
              example: перевал
            title:
              type: string
              example: Пхия
            other_titles:
              type: string
              example: Триев
            connect:
              type: string
              example: ''
            author:
              type: object
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/Author'
            coords:
              type: object
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/Coords'
            level:
              type: object
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/Level'
            add_time:
              type: string
              format: timezone
            image:
              type: array
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/Images'
              example: [
                         {"image_name": "вершина 1", "image": "https://klike.net/uploads/posts/2022-11/1667370486_7-8.jpg"},
                         {"image_name": "вершина 2", "image": "https://klike.net/uploads/posts/2022-11/1667370486_7-8.jpg"},
                       ]
            status:
              type: string
              enum:
                  - NEW
                  - PEN
                  - ACC
                  - REJ
              default: NEW

    Author:
      type: object
      title: Author
      description: Автор
      properties:
        email:
          type: string
          example: abc@yandex.ru
        fam:
          type: string
          example: Иванов
        name:
          type: string
          example: Иван
        otc:
          type: string
          example: Иванович

        phone:
          type: string
          example: +74951111111


    Coords:
      type: object
      title: Coords
      description: Координаты
      properties:
        latitude:
          type: number
          example: 27.988056
        longitude:
          type: number
          example: 86.925278
        height:
          type: integer
          example: 8848

    Level:
      type: object
      title: Level
      description: Уровень сложности
      properties:
        winter:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3
        summer:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3
        autumn:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3
        spring:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3

    Images:
      type: object
      title: Images
      description: Фотография перевала
      properties:
        per_image_name:
          type: string
          example: Вершина
        per_image:
          type: string
          format: url
          description: Photo link

Commit message:

more information for readme md

readme.md, after:


This is the final project for python backend developer course.

Company has received an order from the Sports Tourism Federation of Russia (FSTR).

The FSTR is an organization engaged in the development and popularization of sports tourism in Russia and supervises the conduct of All—Russian competitions in this sport.

Tourists will use the mobile application. In the mountains, they will enter data about the pass into the application and send them to the FSTR as soon as Internet access becomes available.

A moderator from the federation will verify and enter information received from users into the database, and those in turn will be able to see the moderation status in the mobile application and view the database with objects entered by others.

Addition information see /swagger-ui/.

    openapi: 3.0.2
      info:
      title: 'Mountain pass'
      version: "0.1"

    paths:
      /SubmitData/:

    get:
      operationId: SubmitData
      description: 'List of perevals'
      parameters: [ ]
      responses:
        '200':
          content:
            application/json:
            schema:
              type: object
              items:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          description: Success
      tags:
        - pereval

    post:
      operationId: SubmitData
      description: 'Create pereval'
      parameters: [ ]
      requestBody:
        content:
          application/json:
            schema:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          application/x-www-form-urlencoded:
            schema:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          multipart/form-data:
            schema:
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
      responses:
        '201':
          content:
            application/json:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
          description: Success'
        '405':
          description: Invalid input
        '400':
          description: Bad Request
        tags:
          - pereval

    /SubmitData/{id}/:
      get:
          operationId: SubmitData
          description: 'Get pereval by ID'
          parameters:
          - name: id
            in: path
            required: true
            schema:
              type: integer
          responses:
            '200' :
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
              description: 'Success'
            '404':
              description: 'Not found'
              content:
                text/plain:
                  schema:
                    title: Not found
                    type: string
                    example: Not found
            '500':
              description: Invalid input
              content:
                application/json:
                  schema:
                    title: error
          tags:
            - pereval

    patch:
        operationId: SubmitData
        description: 'Partial update by ID'
        parameters:
        - name: id
          in: path
          required: true
          schema:
            type: integer
        requestBody:
          content:
            application/json:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            application/x-www-form-urlencoded:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            multipart/form-data:
              schema:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
        responses:
          '200' :
            $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            description: Success
          '404' :
            description: Not found
        tags:
        - pereval

    /SubmitData/?author__email={email}:
      get:
        description: SubmitData
        operationId: 'Search by email'
        parameters:
          - name: email
            in: path
            required: true
            schema:
              type: string
        responses:
          '200':
            content:
              application/json:
              schema:
                type: object
                items:
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/pereval'
            description: Success
        tags:
          - pereval
  
    components:
      schemas:
        pereval:
          type: object
          title: pereval
          description: Перевал
          properties:
            beautyTitle:
              type: string
              example: перевал
            title:
              type: string
              example: Пхия
            other_titles:
              type: string
              example: Триев
            connect:
              type: string
              example: ''
            author:
              type: object
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/Author'
            coords:
              type: object
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/Coords'
            level:
              type: object
              $ref: '#/components/schemas/Level'
            add_time:
              type: string
              format: timezone
            image:
              type: array
              items:
                type: object
                $ref: '#/components/schemas/Image'
                example: [
                { "image_name": "вершина 1", "image": "https://klike.net/uploads/posts/2022-11/1667370486_7-8.jpg" },
                { "image_name": "вершина 2", "image": "https://klike.net/uploads/posts/2022-11/1667370486_7-8.jpg" },
              ]
            status:
              type: string
              enum:
                  - NEW
                  - PEN
                  - ACC
                  - REJ
              default: NEW

    Author:
      type: object
      title: Author
      description: Автор
      properties:
        email:
          type: string
          example: abc@yandex.ru
        fam:
          type: string
          example: Иванов
        name:
          type: string
          example: Иван
        otc:
          type: string
          example: Иванович

        phone:
          type: string
          example: +74951111111


    Coords:
      type: object
      title: Coords
      description: Координаты
      properties:
        latitude:
          type: number
          example: 27.988056
        longitude:
          type: number
          example: 86.925278
        height:
          type: integer
          example: 8848

    Level:
      type: object
      title: Level
      description: Уровень сложности
      properties:
        winter:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3
        summer:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3
        autumn:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3
        spring:
          type: string
          enum:
            - NI
            - A1
            - B1
            - A2
            - B2
            - A3
            - B3

    Image:
      type: object
      title: Images
      description: Фотография перевала
      properties:
        image_name:
          type: string
          example: Вершина
        image:
          type: string
          format: url
          description: Photo link
          example: https://klike.net/uploads/posts/2022-11/1667370486_7-8.jpg
